Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
How crazy was my face before
How sad it is now
You are always in the room
This is the only way you can meet now
Go to the hospital quickly, Xiao Boyang
There is no such meeting
My uncle and I are leaving first
Sorry for the girl who will help me define it later, okay?
To connect six hundred people
Just myself
Hope is finally far away
I want you to die tonight
What are you here for?
Monitoring of this
It has been turned off by me so
This becomes a busy area
what do you want to say
i will kill you
Let me analyze